Thats brilliant UC, you seem to be heading in the right direction. I totally agree that intimacy can be rebuilt. I ^never^ thought in a million years that I would feel anything for DP after all that happened between us, I felt really closed to him in that area, I just wan't interested but, he has invested a lot of himself, not to win me round as such, he hasn't set out to get me into bed but he has set out to make me love him again. The thing is it's the daft little things that have made me go funny in the tummy and want to be close to him, like little looks that we now share and little jokes. It's hard to explain really but I do believe this has all come about from going right back to basics, being friends first, respecting each other, no pressures or expectations, just a nice easy friendly relationship. I can honestly say I have no expectations of him or the relationship at all now and I love it, it's each moment, each day as it comes. I am happy enough within myself that I don't expect him to ^make^ me feel loved or special BUT, it is happening anyway, he is telling me he loves me, he is hugging me just because he feels like it, kissing me too. All from a man who I thought was emotionally closed. 

I have digressed sorry I suppose what I am trying to say UC is take care of yourself, your own needs, be happy for ^you^, this will bring about a change in you which he is sure to fnid attractive, he won't want any other man to benefit from the changes anyway, thats for sure! 

I do believe that if he wasn't still interested in you he wouldn't be talking to you. I think he is maybe trying to sort his own head out and I agree with you, I don;t for one minute think he can be in love so quickly. He may be in love with the idea, the fantasy but real love is something that develops, it's somethng that gets deeper and grows stronger after all the time and work that is invested, after things such as an affair etc. I don't believe love is all about sex and all that slushy stuff either, it's about being happy with each other, independently of each other, happy with silences sometimes, knowing that you are communicating in a way other than talking, it's about acknowledging that although he may not always tell you he loves he, he shows you he loves you by his actions, it's being open to everything, not just words. Crikey I've digressed again and I'm still not sure I've got across what I mean 

If you want him back UC then give it your best shot. If you love him unconditionally then fight for him, but don't so it verbally, don't do it in a needy way, ^show^ ^him^. Love yourself first and give him the space to come to you. 

Myabe UC he is worried that if he does come back to you things are going to be the same as they were. Could that be a possibility? Maybe he just feels there is no point in coming back for more of the same, that if things don't change he still won't be happy. It's just a thought so I hope it hasn't offended you. I'm analysing and trying to see it from different perspectives. If that ^is6 the case then he needs to feel he can trust you, he needs to feel comfortable aroud you first, relaxed, not under pressure to come back. Once he feels comfortable then he may be even more open or you may find he makes the next move Thats what we are aiming for! Him to do the work!!

OK, I had better stop waffling. 

But so far so good UC. Keep up the good work! xx

You too Dior, I meant to ask if you had gone to WW. Well done you!! I'm rooting for a fab weightloss for you xx 


Score:  14.842358874809413