[[https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=aca0KWoHtqQ]] 

This is not just her admitting hitting him, throwing things at him and even "starting physical fights". It's about more than that. This is recorded after all their supposed altercations have happened, it is after everything she will later accuse him of, it's just months before they filed for divorce in May 2016. The more important thing actually to take from this tape is the fact she spends the entire tape telling him she is upset/mad at him for "splitting", (meaning leaving the room or house), in past arguments/fights, instead of staying to argue and fight with her.  On what planet does a battered victim wife want their "wife beater" husband to stay to fight with them? They are more likely to be glad they left the room, or beg them to leave, I'm certain a victim wouldn't be upset or mad about their "wife beater" husband leaving the room during an argument/fight, and before anything physical happens.

She seems totally unconcerned about violence here, whereas he is concerned, he doesn't want to be in a physical altercation that's why he leaves, and she tells him he is using his desire to avoid physical confrontation as an "excuse" to "split"/leave and not stay to argue/fight. She also is mad that he now leaves immediately at the beginning of fights when there has been no physical violence, which makes her angry and "perpetuates the fight" (listen to the entire tape, it's about this). When he tells her he left because she hit him last night she says what about all the other times he leaves when there is no physical violence, so tells him not to act like it's because of that. When he has already said he leaves because he doesn't want to be in a physical altercation, obviously he is going to leave before they start fighting. She also says he "hits BACK, so don't act like you don't fuckin participate". "Back" and "participate" being the operative words. 

Amber Heard: "All the trust in the relationship is gone because you keep splitting. We fight together and you're the only one who splits and I.. I want that back but you..."

Johnny Depp: "There's no trust there there's nothing."

Amber Heard: "Then maybe there's nothing to talk about but I did come over here with enough love in my heart and sincerity."

Johnny Depp: "Thank you"

Amber Heard: "That all the things I said, that now I like... but I meant them you know, I fucking meant them. Even though you fuckin split and didn't come home. You know I still, I still did that. Fuckin I've shown myself, I've proven myself, I've fought for you, I've shown up"

Johnny Depp: "I'm not gonna be in a fuckin physical altercation with you."

Amber Heard: "Then don't. Then don't"

Johnny Depp: "You fucking hit me last night"

Amber Heard: "What about all the other times you split (leave)? Come on you cannot act like that's about that."

Johnny Depp: "well on a plane I can't split"

Amber Heard: "No, and you hit back, so don't act like you don't fuckin participate"

Johnny Depp: "I pushed you"

Amber Heard: "I'm not going to get into the details of that fight. You and I both know that you split when there is no physical violence involved, and that you do it immedi- like at the very beginning of fights these days. And if you split, and you go into a different room and you actually leave the house, it does nothing but perpetuate the fight..."

"If everyone just read the judgment ( I know it's long) you would see this idea of 'she attacked him first' is just untrue."

Well here in this tape we hear from herself, she said she "started physical fights" herself, that's her exact words at one point in the tape, along with what I posted here and more. The Judge was not there I couldn't care less about his judgement really, what's it based on? Amber's words now. Well what is also Amber words in that tape, including she said she "starts physical fights", but imo more importantly she said she is angry that he leaves the room/house because he doesn't want to get into a fight. And more.

It's clear they get into arguments which escalate into fights which they both engage in, both have been physical to each other, throwing things at each other and other physical violence to each other, and it sounds like Johnny Depp does not want that to happen.

What she is concerned about is she doesn't want him leaving the room/house/going to his friend's house/getting a separate hotel room/sleeping in a different bed. That is the safety/security she is concerned about, the safety of feeling secure in their relationship, she says she thinks if he doesn't stay and argue/fight with her, and instead leaves the room/house and all those things I listed, that he doesn't care about the relationship and their relationship might end. She thinks if he is not staying to argue/fight with her that he is not fighting for her/for their relationship.

Listen to the tape, I know it's long, but this is from her own mouth. 
[[https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=aca0KWoHtqQ]] 

Actual audio of Johnny and Amber starts at 2:37 

Also, this part...

Johnny Depp: "If things get physical we have to separate. We have to be apart"

Amber Heard: "No we don't"

Johnny Depp: "We have to be apart from one another. Whether it's for an hour, ten hours or a fucking day. We must. There can be no physical violence."

Amber Heard: "I can't promise you that I'll be perfect, I can't promise you that I won't get physical again. God I fucking sometimes get so mad I lose it."

I know which one sounds like the spouse beater there and which one sounds like they don't want to be in a violent relationship. 

I wish I had a full transcript of that tape for people who won't/can't listen to it. If there is a transcript anywhere I'll try to find it.

I was following the trial as much as I could, the tweets from a channel 5 journalist called Nick I think. I just checked, Nick Wallis. He has court transcripts I started to read. I don't care what a Judge says, Judges can be wrong. We can judge what we read, hear and see as much as any Judge, especially after we read the entire court transcripts. I'm not going to ignore that tape and what I was following from trial transcripts (though I admit I've not read it all, yet). 

I'm not going to just be on the woman's side because we are both women. It's not just about whether she was violent to him, it's also all that about her being mad about "splitting" instead of staying to fight, which I find unusual to say the least for the victim of a "wife beater" . For those who think men can't be victims though, I will say my dad was a victim of my violent mum, who then gaslit and mentally abused me and him about it.  So it happens. When Amber mocked Johnny telling him to "tell the world that you Johnny depp, A MAN, are a victim of domestic violence, and see how many believe you", that pissed me off. 

Anyway, I'm not going to dismiss that tape. If people want to, on your own conscience be it. The Judge dismissed that tape apparently because Amber said something different under oath and he couldn't question her about it, and it was recorded for a different purpose? Lol. Awful. He couldn't question her in court about it?  Btw, media keep showing the photo of her face after Depp threw a phone at her which hit her face, that is violence, but that doesn't say "wife beater" to me. 

Oh and this witness testimony of her violence and lies about certain incidents from her/her sister's friend...

[[https://mobile.twitter.com/TheInfamousOne6/status/1334301402533773312]]

[[https://mobile.twitter.com/marterinn/status/1324055732183060480]]

[[https://mobile.twitter.com/ThatBrianFella/status/1298683397460692992]]

From Amber's own tape and own words it was a volatile relationship with violence from both of them, they got in arguments that escalated into physical fights, both were violent. From Amber's tapes Johnny didn't want that so he leaves/"splits". She doesn't seem concerned about the violence as she wants him to stay and fight. Sorry I disagree based on what I've read, heard, seen, that he is a "wife beater", "wife beater" means something different to me. I don't care what the judge said. If he is a "wife beater" then she must be a "husband beater" then according to her own words. Why is it ok for her to be violent, and to "start physical fights", and to be mad and abusive towards him that he wants them to be apart from each other so these don't occur, and she wants him to stay and fight. This is on tape from herself, yet she is getting off scot free little miss victim, and he is being labelled. Any rare acknowledgement from her supporters/women's groups that she was violent is being framed as her "fighting back" and "self defence", that's not what it sounds like from her own words on that tape. If that is what the feminist board wants to go with, the lazy narrative, woman innocent victim, man evil. Fine. At least listen to the tape first. 

She even has a history of arrest for domestic violence, whereas Johnny's exes have all defended him, Vanessa Paradis and Winona Ryder defended him in this case and can't believe the accusations. I know that's not proof of anything and people can be different at different times/partners etc. but it's something. Also I remember when a tape came out of him upset and angry in the kitchen, he burned his hand on something from the microwave, kicked kitchen cupboards and slammed kitchen cupboard doors, he was drinking wine, she comes in to question and secretly film him, he's upset about something that isn't to do with her, I can't remember if it was about finances or his mother's illness/death, he just wants to be left alone. She doesn't leave him alone. He discovers she is secretly filming him and he grabs the phone and in the original video it cuts out and we were left to assume he was violent to her, this video was supposed to be proof of that. Well the full video came out during this trial and that was not the end of the video, he actually takes the phone from the kitchen work top throws it to the floor says "goodbye", walks out the room, she picks up the phone looks into the camera and laughs, and follows him. 


Score:  -18.94521382287555